docs: add info about 3 flavors of C&V ref app (#187)
affinidi/affinidi-cli: README.md

### Reference App

Generate four ready-to-use applications that use Affinidi APIs.

**The Portable Reputation app** allows the builder to connect to different data sources to construct a portable, user-owned and -managed reputation app that provides access to specific experiences, events or memberships.

> **The Certification and Verification app** includes such features as: issuing a credential, claiming & storing it in your wallet, verifying it. It includes 3 flavors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The Certification and Verification app** includes such features as: issuing a credential, claiming & storing it in your wallet, verifying it. It includes 3 use cases:
```

  - **Ticketing** - uses event tickets;

>   - **Health**  - uses health records;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Health**  - uses medical prescriptions;
```
